.\"  -*- nroff -*-
.\" $Id: mclient.1,v 1.1.1.1 2007/02/07 15:07:23 fengx Exp $

.TH mclient 1 "April 2005" "Meter Tools"

.SH NAME
mclient \- Meter Client

.SH SYNOPSIS
.na
.B mclient
[\c
.B \-H
.I host
]
[\c
.B \-p
.I port
]
[\c
.B \-A
.I digits
]
[\c
.B \-T
]
[\c
.B \-g
]
[\c
.B \-w
]
[\c
.B \-j
]
[\c
.B \-c
.I count
]
[\c
.B \-d
.I delay
]
[\c
.B \-B
]
[\c
.B \-U
]
[\c
.B \-v
]
[\c
.B \-h
]

.ad
.SH DESCRIPTION 
.LP
The meter client is a tool designed to query the meter logger on a network.
The port number supplied to the client must be the same as the one on the
server.  All default values are printed with the \-h option.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-H
.I host
.br
Specify the TCP\/IP host name to connect to.  Ensure an
.B mlogger
is run on this host listening on the provided port number.

.TP
.B \-p
.I port
.br
Provide the port number for the server.  The client and server must use
the same port.

.TP
.B \-A
.I digits
.br
The accuracy for measurements depends on the display value for the meter.
To print the reading to a specific accuracy, specify the number of significant
digits with this option.

.TP
.B \-T
The default behavior is to print the display value and units.  To print a
leading timestamp specify this switch.

.TP
.B \-g
To retrieve the current display value, specify this option.

.TP
.B \-w
To query the current power value, specify this option.

.TP
.B \-j
To print the number of joules, use this option.  The joules count begins when
the meter logger first starts.  To obtain the change in joules subtract the
previous value from the current value.

.TP
.B \-c
.I count
.br
Read count values from the meter.  After the given count readings are read
the program will exit.

.TP
.B \-d
.I delay
.br
Specify a delay between successive readings when using the \-c option.

.TP
.B \-B
Convert to the base units rather than display units.

.TP
.B \-U
Don't print the units with the value.

.TP
.B \-v
Enable verbose output.

.TP
.B \-h
Displays help and then exits.
 
.SH EXIT VALUE
.LP
.ne 3
.PD 0
.TP
.B 0
Operation was successful.
.ne 3
.TP
.B -1
Program error, note any messages on stderr.
.PD

.SH AUTHORS
.LP

Mark E. Femal <mfemal@gmail.com>

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mlogger (1),
.BR msend (1)

